***
### Exercise 4.1-1
What does FIND-MAXIMUM-SUBARRAY return when all elements of A are negative?
### `Answer`
It will return the largest element of A.  

***
### Exercise 4.1-2
Write pseudocode for the brute-force method of solving the maximum-subarray problem. Your procedure should run in Θ(n<sup>2</sup>) time.
### `Answer`
```
max_sum = INT_MIN
for i=1 to n
    sum = 0;
    for j=i to n
        sum = sum + arr[j]
        if sum > max_sum
            max_sum = sum
return max_sum
```  

***
### Exercise 4.1-3
Implement both the brute-force and recursive algorithms for the maximum-subarray problem on your own computer. What problem size n<sub>0</sub> gives the 
crossover point at which the recursive algorithm beats the brute-force algorithm? Then, change the base case of the recursive algorithm to 
use the brute-force algorithm whenever the problem size is less than n<sub>0</sub>. Does that change the crossover point?
### `Answer`

***
### Exercise 4.1-4
Suppose we change the definition of the maximum-subarray problem to allow the result to be an empty subarray, where the sum of the values 
of an empty subarray is 0. How would you change any of the algorithms that do not allow empty subarrays to permit an empty subarray to be the result?
### `Answer`
Instead of initializing left-sum and right-sum to -infinity, we can initialize it to 0 to allow empty subarray to be the result.  

***
### Exercise 4.1-5
Use the following ideas to develop a nonrecursive, linear-time algorithm for the maximum-subarray problem. Start at the left end of the 
array, and progress toward the right, keeping track of the maximum subarray seen so far. Knowing a maximum subarray of A[1..j], extend 
the answer to find a maximum subarray ending at index j+1 by using the following observation: a maximum subarray of A[1..j+1] is either 
a maximum subarray of A[1..j] or a subarray A[i..j+1], for some 1 <= i <= j+1. Determine a maximum subarray of the form A[i..j+1] in 
constant time based on knowing a maximum subarray ending at index j.
### `Answer`
```
maxSubarraySum(arr[], n)
    max_so_far = INT_MIN
    max_ending_here = 0
    leftPos,rightPos,tempPos=0
    for i=1 to n
        max_ending_here = max_ending_here + arr[i]
        if max_ending_here > max_so_far
            max_so_far = max_ending_here
            leftPos = tempPos
            rightPos = i
        if max_ending_here < 0
            max_ending_here = 0
            tempPos = i+1
    return (leftPos, rightPos, max_so_far)
```
