***
### Exercises 1.1-1
Give a real-world example in which one of the following computational problems appears: sorting, determining the best order for 
multiplying matrices, or finding the convex hull.
### `Answer`
* Suppose we are visiting a shopping website and want to see the cost of items from lowest to highest or highest to lowest, then sorting
algorithm must be implemented to the website.
* The multiplication process in computers are time consuming than addition process. If we have three or more matrices to multiply, then we
should check the order in which to multiply to reduce the number of multiplications.
* Convex hull algorithm is used is image processing. A simple example is facial recognition.

***
### Exercise 1.1-2
Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world setting?
### `Answer`
Memory requirement, Uses of resources and parallelism can be other measures of efficiency.

***
### Exercise 1.1-3
Select a data structure that you have seen previously, and discuss its strengths and limitations.
### `Answer`
Binary search tree
Searching, Inserting and deleting only needs O(logn) time complexity. But to achieve this on particular inputs we have to use
balanced BST like AVL tree.

***
### Exercise 1.1-4
How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems given above similar? How are they different?
### `Answer`
In travelling salesman problem we need to know the order of stops that yields lowest overall distance and is similar to shortest-path problem.

***
### Exercise 1.1-5
Come up with a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do. Then come up with one in which a solution that is 
"approximately" the best is good enough.
### `Answer`
Sorting problem can only be done by best solution.  
Shortest path between two points can be done by approximately best solution.
***
