***
### Exercise 2.2-1
Express the function n<sup>3</sup>/1000 - 100n<sup>2</sup> - 100n + 3 in terms of Θ-notation.
### `Answer`
Θ(n<sup>3</sup>)

***
### Exercise 2.2-2
Consider sorting n numbers stored in array A by first finding the smallest element of A and exchanging it with the element in A[1]. Then 
find the second smallest element of A, and exchange it with A[2]. Continue in this manner for the first n - 1 elements of A. Write 
pseudocode for this algorithm, which is known as **selection sort**. What loop invariant does this algorithm maintain? Why does it need to 
run for only the first n - 1 elements, rather than for all n elements? Give the best-case and worst-case running times of selection sort 
in Θ- notation.
### `Answer`
```
Selection_sort(A)
  for i=1 to length[A]-1
    min = i
    for j=i+1 to length[A]
      if A[j]<A[min]
        min = j
    swap(A[i],A[min])
```
***Loop invariant***
* Initialization: Initially whole array is unsorted and the elements left to i is considered to be sorted.
* Maintainance: All the elements left to i is sorted and all the elements right to i is unsorted.
* Termination: The outer loop runs for n-1 times by which all the minimum n-1 elements are correctly positioned. And last minimum will 
definitely be at last position.

We need to run the loop only for n-1 times because last minimum(max value of the array) will come to last position itself.  
Both best-case and worst-case running time is Θ(n<sup>2</sup>)

***
### Exercise 2.2-3
Consider linear search again (see Exercise 2.1-3). How many elements of the input sequence need to be checked on the average, assuming that 
the element being searched for is equally likely to be any element in the array? How about in the worst case? What are the average-case and 
worst-case running times of linear search in Θ-notation? Justify your answers.
### `Answer`
On the average half of the elements(n/2) need to search. In worst case all the elements need to search.  
Both average and worst case running time is Θ(n).

***
### Exercise 2.2-4
How can we modify almost any algorithm to have a good best-case running time?
### `Answer`
We can modify any algorithms by adding some special cases in it. Suppose we want to sort a already sorted numbers. By using that special case 
we can check if the numbers are already sorted. If they are, then we don't need to run furthur codes for sorting.
